###These are the notes that I have written. These may be empty, but having them
 is beneficial###

1. Flask applications are built around requests and responses. 
Your browser send the requests, and the computer at the server side, tries to 
fulfil the requests. 
This is handled by the server side, using Flask app, or some other backend service. 
That computer, on the server side, responses in answer to the user requests. 

2. Classes always start with capital letters, just a note, while packages with
lower letter. 

3. Flask can display some nice things, but the purpose of REST APIs, is to 
get data, process data, and generally, return data in form of strings. 

All the other things are handled by the JavaScript. 

4. HTTP Verbs:
    a.  What is web server?

        A piece of software, designed to accept incoming web requests. 
    
    b.  What do we send to web server?

        We send a request, to load the home page of that particular website. 
        For google, it might be
        GET / HTTP/1.1
        Host : www.google.com 

        This is called a GET request. GET is a verb, and to some extent, tells
        the server, what we want and how to respond. The slash represents
        the path. Following that, is the path. 

    c.  That's it. The server just sees the above request, and after that, 
        whatever happens, if by code on the backend that tells the server, 
        how to respond to the request.  

    d.  The server may respond in wide variety of ways to get request. If path
        doesn't exist, then it may give an error. Or if this is SMTP server, 
        it notifies that HTTP is not supported. 

    e.  Going to a page will always to a GET request. But there are many
        more actions that are possible, such as POST, DELETE, PUT, OPTIONS etc.
        
    f.  Verb        Meaning                         Example
        GET         Retrieve Something              GET /item/1
        POST        Receive data, and use it        POST /item  
        PUT         Make sure something is there    PUT /item
        DELETE      Remove something                DELETE /item/1

5. REST principles:
    What we know already:
        Going to site does a GET request

        This normally returns HTML

        We can return other things as well, using HTML tags. 
    
    What is REST APIs? 
        It uses same concepts as we have already discussed, but it is just a 
        way of thinking about how a web server responds to your requests.

        It doesn't just respond with data, but instead, it responses with
        resources.  

        It is similar to OOP. Think of server as having resources, and each
        is able to interact with the pertinent request.  

        The REST is stateless. Or atleast it is supposed to be stateless. 

        This means one request cannot depend on any other request. The server
        just knows about the current request, and not remember about the 
        previous requests.  

        What this means is, to retrieve an item, you don't have to create 
        an item, rather, you can just GET a previously created item. 


6. What JSON is? 
    JSON is basically a kind of disctionary. Something we have created in 
    endpoints.py file, for storing the stores. 

    A pair of key value pairs. And it is really helpful for sending data
    across multiple applications. Thus, whenever our application requires
    some data, server may send it as JSON. 

    However, JSON is not a disctionary. It looks similar to dictionary, but
    it is basically a long string. Thus, our application has to return a 
    string, containing required data, in following format : 
    {
        'name' : 'My wonderful store', 
        'items': [
            {
                'name' : 'My Item',
                'price' : 15.99
            }
        ]
    }
    And then JavaScript has to read it and deal with it. It may convert it, 
    or use it in any which way specified to extract the information. 

    Thus, there has to be a conversion thing, because, we can't send 
    Python disctionary over internet, we can only send text via a REST API. 
    
    Fortunately, Flask really helps us here, because it a method call JSOnify. 
    It can convert the dictionary we just saw, into suitable format, so as to
    send it to JavaScript. We just need to import it. 